Adding directory fs (#1)
wixplosives/file-services: packages/utils/README.md

# API

- `syncToAsyncFs`: convert a sync-only file system implementation into an async one.

> - `directory-fs`: A file system wrapper that adds scoping to any sync/async, file system implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `createDirectoryFs`: A file system wrapper that adds directory scoping to any sync/async, base file system implementation.
```

# Usage

> ## Directory file system

Reviewer: Directory Scoped File System

Install library in project:
```sh

> yarn add @file-services/directory

Reviewer: /utils

```

Then, use the programmatic API:
```ts

> import { fs } from 'some-fs'

Reviewer: might be better to give an example with `@file-services/node` or something

> import { createDirectoryFs } from '@file-services/directory'

Reviewer: /utils

> const basePath = '/projects/secret-folder'

Reviewer: /path/to/some/folder

> const dFs = createDirectoryFs(fs, basePath)

Reviewer: directoryFs
